Skip to content Navigation menu Search Powered by Search Algolia Search Log in Create account DEV Community Close Add reaction Like Unicorn Exploding Head Raised Hands Fire Jump to Comments Save Boost More... Copy link Copy link Copied to Clipboard Share to X Share to LinkedIn Share to Facebook Share to Mastodon Share Post via... Report Abuse adarsh Posted on Sep 17 • Edited on Sep 19           10 Websites every Web developer should at least look #webdev #nextjs #javascript #beginners If you are a web developer, you might be obsessed with finding a website that can save you tons of time. Here are websites that I personally use to save at least 25 hour/week. Quick tip: If you wanna build your application fast, try this: SaaS boilerplate for beginners UI verse UI verse is massive library with 100s of design elements that you can just copy paste into your website. It is one of the largest Open source UI library. Link https://uiverse.io/checkboxes Glitch Glitch helps to create your next web project in browser with no setup and instant deployment. Link: glitch.com Shots.so Create beautifully designed image backgrounds for your images. With over 100’s of prebuilt as well as customizable templates, you can make your images 10X better Link: www.shots.so Dev Docs What if you have a documentation which have documented almost everything you need? DevDocs combines multiple API documentations in a fast, organized, and searchable interface. Link: https://devdocs.io/ LambdaTest Free Online Tools A collection of free online tools, utilities, and libraries that will help developers, testers, designers, in their day to day tasks Link: https://www.lambdatest.com/free-online-tools Mobbin The world’s largest mobile and web design library. Save hours of UI & UX research with our library of 300,000+ screens from the world’s best designed apps. Link: Mobbin.com Ping Test You can ping any IP address or hostname from 10 locations in parallel. Link: https://tools.keycdn.com/ping LandingFolio Most developers are not designers and this website is the best choice for developers to get inspiration Link: https://www.landingfolio.com/ Free for Dev A compilation of free software and services, covering everything from SaaS to developer tools, APIs, and cloud platforms. Link: https://free-for.dev/#/ Tiny Wow We always look for a free alternative and this website is a goldmine. Discover a wide range of free tools and services. Link: https://tinywow.com/ Conclusion Thanks for checking out this blog. We discussed a lot of tools in the blog. Follow me here so that you wont miss any future updates. Keep building Are you sure you want to hide this comment? It will become hidden in your post, but will still be visible via the comment's permalink. Hide child comments as well Confirm For further actions, you may consider blocking this person and/or reporting abuse Read next Mastering Rate Limiting in Java Spring Boot with Bucket4j Monesh B - Dec 22 Optimize your WhatsApp bot development with WhatsApp API PHP SDK WhatsApp API for developers - Dec 23 🚀 Tailwind CSS v4: What is New Tim - Dec 17 TDoC 2024 - Day 3: Introduction to Machine Learning Sagar Das - Dec 17 adarsh Follow Software Engineer | Technical Writer | React | Next.js Location India Education NSS College pf Engineering Pronouns he/him Work Systems Engineer at MNC Joined May 27, 2021 More from adarsh 7 Interesting GitHub Repositories to Become a Pro React Developer #webdev #javascript #beginners #react 7 Github Repositories to Become a Pro Frontend Developer #webdev #javascript #beginners #programming 6 Cool Things You Can Do With Regular HTML #javascript #html #webdev #css Thank you to our Diamond Sponsor Neon for supporting our community. DEV Community — A constructive and inclusive social network for software developers. With you every step of your journey. Home DEV++ Podcasts Videos Tags DEV Help Forem Shop Advertise on DEV DEV Challenges DEV Showcase About Contact Free Postgres Database Guides Software comparisons Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Terms of use Built on Forem — the open source software that powers DEV and other inclusive communities. Made with love and Ruby on Rails. DEV Community © 2016 - 2024. We're a place where coders share, stay up-to-date and grow their careers. Log in Create account